Release Firestore Bundles as a prototype patched feature. (#4168)
firebase/firebase-js-sdk: .changeset/old-lobsters-pull.md

---
"firebase": minor
"@firebase/firestore-types": minor
"@firebase/firestore": minor
---

> Release Firestore Bundles as a prototype patched feature.

Reviewer: You should describe in your Release Notes what this is ("bundles" is not a term that developers will understand - at least not yet) and how they can use it (mention the additional import). The Prototype Patching is an implementation detail that doesn't need to go into the release notes. We should focus on usage.

Author: Done.

"@firebase/firestore": minor
---

> Release Firestore Bundles (pre-packaged Firestore data). For ESM usage, this can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Release Firestore Bundles (pre-packaged Firestore data). For NPM users, this can
```

> be enabled via additional import: 'firebase/firestore/bundle'. For CDN usage,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be enabled via an additional import: 'firebase/firestore/bundle'. For CDN usage,
```
